# Home Assistant Core, full dependency set
# Automatically generated by gen_requirements_all.py, do not edit

-r requirements.txt

# homeassistant.components.image_upload
Pillow==10.4.0

# homeassistant.components.met
PyMetno==0.12.0

# homeassistant.components.mobile_app
PyNaCl==1.5.0

# homeassistant.auth.mfa_modules.totp
PyQRCode==1.2.1

# homeassistant.components.recorder
SQLAlchemy==2.0.31

# homeassistant.components.dhcp
aiodhcpwatcher==1.0.2

# homeassistant.components.dhcp
aiodiscover==2.1.0

# homeassistant.components.esphome
aioesphomeapi==24.6.2

# homeassistant.components.unifi
aiounifi==79

# homeassistant.components.ssdp
async-upnp-client==0.40.0

# homeassistant.components.esphome
bleak-esphome==1.0.0

# homeassistant.components.dhcp
cached_ipaddress==0.3.0

# homeassistant.scripts.check_config
colorlog==6.8.2

# homeassistant.components.esphome
esphome-dashboard-api==1.2.3

# homeassistant.components.recorder
fnv-hash-fast==0.5.0

# homeassistant.components.forecast_solar
forecast-solar==3.1.0

# homeassistant.components.frontend
home-assistant-frontend==20240802.0

# homeassistant.components.network
ifaddr==0.2.0

# homeassistant.components.rest
jsonpath==0.82.2

# homeassistant.components.mqtt
paho-mqtt==1.6.1

# homeassistant.components.hardware
# homeassistant.components.recorder
psutil-home-assistant==0.0.1

# homeassistant.auth.mfa_modules.notify
# homeassistant.auth.mfa_modules.totp
pyotp==2.8.0

# homeassistant.components.backup
securetar==2024.2.1

# homeassistant.components.unifiprotect
uiprotect==5.4.0

# homeassistant.components.unifiprotect
unifi-discovery==1.2.0

# homeassistant.components.unifi_direct
unifi_ap==0.0.1

# homeassistant.components.unifiled
unifiled==0.11

# homeassistant.components.rest
xmltodict==0.13.0

# homeassistant.components.zeroconf
zeroconf==0.132.2
